Update device-control-removable-storage-access-control.md (#9350)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/device-control-removable-storage-access-control.md

- Microsoft 365 for E5 reporting

> If `AuditAllowed` or `AuditDenied` is configured in your policy and ‘send event’ is selected in the Options, an event will be sent to Advanced hunting or Device control report for every covered access (`AccessMask` in the entry), no matter it is triggered by system or it is triggered by the logged in user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `AuditAllowed` or `AuditDenied` is configured in your policy and **Send event** is selected in **Options**, an event will be sent to Advanced hunting or Device control report for every covered access (`AccessMask` in the entry), no matter whether it is triggered by the system or it is triggered by the user who is signed in.
```
